fix: `r/vsphere_tag_category` cardinality (#2263)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere: CHANGELOG.md

# <!-- markdownlint-disable first-line-h1 no-inline-html -->

> ## 2.9.3 (not release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.9.3 (Not Released)
```

# <!-- markdownlint-disable first-line-h1 no-inline-html -->

## 2.9.3 (not release)

BUG FIX:

> - `resource/vsphere_tag_category`: Updated code to not `ForceNew` for cardinality. 
>    This will stop the tag_category to not be removed.
>    ([#2263]https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere/pull/2263)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `r/vsphere_tag_category`: Updates resource not to `ForceNew` for cardinality. This will allow the `tag_category` to updated.
   [#2263](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vsphere/pull/2263)
```
